I'm your roommate I'm basically a nice
guy but me and you just never quite hit
it off whatever different strokes but
the thing is there's been a tension
building between us and smoothened day
we both know it but every time I try to
talk to you about it you ain't jivin
can't we just chill broseph when I try
to talk to you about how you turn on the
heater like a sauna how you blast music
at six thirty in the morning every
Sunday and how well you just leave your
sweaty laundry laying around the room
even though I don't even think it's
yours gotta hand it to you man you're
perfect at irritating me my bad bro but
we don't need to talk about it let's
just have a loft and then you keep doing
it you have a laugh with your friends
telling them how much of a tightwad I am
and well how you call me your don't
worry my neighbors have told me
everything well let's play it your way
cowboy I've looked five things in this
room that you're going to put in your
mouth in the next 24 hours
I've done things to your pillow that a
no man should be proud of guess what
these are for you have fun with pinkeye
also you left your facebook open last
night have fun explaining to your
girlfriend while you're hitting on our
mom and then have fun explaining to our
mom we're gonna have to cancel those
Friday dates or maybe not so your call
now could have just talked about it but
you didn't want to so let's just have a
laugh bro talk to your roommate you're
an adult now and need to work out your
problems on your own you'd be surprised
how far a few words can take you